WildFire-v2: fixed test-module (#4590)
demisto/content: Integrations/Palo_Alto_Networks_WildFire_v2/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> Fixed an issue in which the ***test-module*** command failed.

Reviewer: Fixed an issue in which testing the integration instance failed.

> Fixed an issue in which the ***test-module*** command failed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue in which testing the integration instance failed.
```
